What happens when you initialize a repository? 

Why do you need to do it? Builds the .git folder which holds the metadata for this repository. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

  staging is a collection of files that will be included in a commit.  The repository holds all the commits made. 
  the working directory is where current files are kept including the .git metadata direcory which tracks history and changes.
  Staging allows you organize the structure/file  of your commits.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?  

  you can use "git diff" with out augs to see what changes were made in the working directory compaired to the files in the staging area.
  
What are some of the situations when branches would be helpfult in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?
Branches would allow you to take your code in a different direction, Like making the code specific to 
a country, city, etc. The code can continue in we will call it native mode with branches that are changed 
to accomplesh you desire to have specific version for specific areas.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure? helps to see where things have branched. Things that could be hidden.

Notes on branch --

Checking out the coins branch

If you haven't already checked out the coins branch, you'll need to do so now with the command git checkout coins before you'll be able to refer to it. Once you've done that, decide whether you should keep it checked out or check out a different branch before completing the merge.

A note about git merge

git merge will also include the currently checked-out branch in the merged version. So if you have branch1 checked out, and you run git merge branch2 branch3, the merged version will combine branch1 as well as branch2 and branch3. That’s because the branch1 label will update after you make the merge commit, so it’s unlikely that you didn’t want the changes from branch1 included in the merge. For this reason, you should always checkout one of the two branches you’re planning on merging before doing the merge. Which one you should check out depends on which branch label you want to point to the new commit.

Since the checked-out branch is always included in the merge, you may have guessed that when you are merging two branches, you don't need to specify both of them as arguments to git merge on the command line. If you want to merge branch2 into branch1, you can simply git checkout branch1 and then type git merge branch2. The only reason to type git merge branch1 branch2 is if it helps you keep better mental track of which branches you are merging. 

Also, since the two branches are merged, the order in which they are typed into the command line does not matter. The key is to remember that git merge always merges all the specified branches into the currently checked out branch, creating a new commit for that branch. 

Merge conflict

If you get a message like this
Auto-merging game.js
CONFLICT (content): Merge conflict in game.js
Automatic merge failed; fix conflicts and then commit the result.


then your files were not in the same state as Caroline's when you started the merge. To fix this, complete the following steps:
1.Restore your files to their state before you started the merge by running git merge --abort
2.Double check the state of your files. If you run git log while the master branch is checked out, you should see Caroline's "Add color" commit as the second-most-recent, and the most recent should be your commit fixing the bullet bug. If you use git diff to compare your commit to Caroline's, your commit should introduce the line this.delayBeforeBullet = 10; on line 424. The line should be indented to the same level as the line below it using only spaces (no tabs), and the line should have no spaces after it.
3.Once your file is in the correct state, create a new commit with your changes.
4.Try the merge again.

Comparing a commit to its parent

The command Caroline mentions to compare a commit to its parent is git show commit_id
